Double is the default real number format used in java, we use one of these two real number formats when we need
more precision.  The other primitive type used for real number calculations is the float.

Precision of a real number refers to the format and the amount of space occupied by the real number format.

Junie the the AI coding assistant generator, disable or enable this if you do not want or want coding assistance.

For Code Completion Editor -> General -> Code Completion
Another option: Settings -> Tools -> AI Assistance and then Disable AI Assistance

Float requires 32 bits of memory the double 64 bits of memory.  Since double is the default real number format, the
"d" or "D" suffixes are option in a variable declaration.  If need be use the "d" and "D" suffixes for clarity.  In
the case of a float use "f" or "F" because you are restricting the real number format compared to a double.

One can assign an integer literal to a float or double variable, Java will do the casting for you.  Since double is the
default real number data type, assigning a real number literal to a float variable will produce an error if the
literal is not suffixed with an "f" or "F" as a double would be assigned to a float yielding a "lossy conversion".

Actually modern day computers have functionality built in at the chip level to deal with a double number faster
than a float number, my guess is because double numbers are so much more in demand (greater precision).

Instructor stated when using real numbers for precise calculations BigDecimal should be used as both float and
double have precision limitations based on how they are stored.

Note between a char and String, strings literals are stored in double quotes while a char is only in single quotes,
additionally a char can only hold one character.

Each char is 16 bits in width or 2 Bytes.  So there are three ways to assign a char: literal character, unicode,
and an integer value.

Strings are immutable so when we have something like lastString = lastString + newString a new String is created
during this process and the old String is discarded from memory.  The StringBuilder class is mutable but it cannot
be assigned literals.

Note Section Three has an example of capturing console output in the "SectionThreeConsoleOutputTest".